Update code-of-conduct.md with information in the "about section" (#650)
carpentries/docs.carpentries.org: topic_folders/policies/code-of-conduct.md

#### About this Document

This document is adapted from guidelines written by the [Django Project](https://www.djangoproject.com/conduct/enforcement-manual/), which was itself based on the [Ada Initiative](http://geekfeminism.wikia.com/wiki/Conference_anti-harassment/Responding_to_reports) template and the [PyCon 2013 Procedure for Handling Harassment Incidents](https://us.pycon.org/2013/about/code-of-conduct/harassment-incidents/). Contributors to the the initial document are Adam Obeng, Aleksandra Pawlik, Bill Mills, Carol Willing, Erin Becker, Hilmar Lapp, Kara Woo, Karin Lagesen, Pauline Barmby, Sheila Miguez, Simon Waldman, and Tracy Teal. Additional language was added by [Otter Tech](https://otter.technology) from the [PyCon U.S. 2018 Code of Conduct](https://us.pycon.org/2018/about/code-of-conduct/) ([licensed CC BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/))

> In 2018, the Code of Conduct was revised to add a summary, straightforward examples of both beneficial and unwanted behaviours, and evaluating intent. Reporting guidelines was also revised to include alternate contact points and a reporting form with procedure was added. In 2019, an appeal process, procedure for following up with a reportee, terminology, CoC incident response procedure, termed supsension checklist, expanded clauses for conflicts of interest and committee membership agreement were included. Contributors of these revised documents are Ethan White, Kari L. Jordan, Karin Lagesen, Malvika Sharan, Samantha Ahern, and Simon Waldman.

Author: ```suggestion
In 2018, the Code of Conduct was revised to add a summary, straightforward examples of both beneficial and unwanted behaviors, and evaluating intent. Reporting guidelines were also revised to include alternate contact points and a reporting form with the procedure was added. In 2019, an appeal process, the procedure for following up with a reportee, terminology, CoC incident response procedure, termed suspension checklist, expanded clauses for conflicts of interest, and committee membership agreement were included. Contributors of these revised documents are Ethan White, Kari L. Jordan, Karin Lagesen, Malvika Sharan, Samantha Ahern, and Simon Waldman.
```
